[Music]
you know we're basically living
longer and we're living healthier and
we're smarter than we were because we're
much more
uh our nutritional levels are higher
than they were because because we're not
starving
especially the people at the bottom end
and
you know we're educating people all over
the world the chinese graduate
more engineers every year than the us
have
engineers now that's terrifying because
god
always we've got all these engineers
already and they're making
gadgets at such a rate that you can't
even keep track of the gadgets right
you go online and like there's all these
technologies
and all these subcultures using them and
you don't even know what the
technologies are
if you're fully informed
you can't keep up with the new stuff
that you might
buy and it's not like it's trivial
technology it's unbelievably powerful
technology like
i'm in awe of many of the young people
that i work with because
they're more com they're they're savvier
about the
technological infrastructure that
constitutes the web than i
am because i'm old and it and it's hard
to keep up as you get old
um and you know they come up with tools
to make
difficult things very simple very
rapidly and
there's just subcultures everywhere that
are doing this at an
unbelievably rapid rate you know when
you go to somewhere like silicon valley
and i've spent a lot of time in silicon
valley and
it's it has its problems but jesus
there's a
unbelievable collection of smart people
there and
they're working on things like they're
working on things like mad
and and and it's working you know you
see someone like elon musk i mean
what the hell do you make of someone
like that you know i mean
what did he do he made an electric car
which is basically impossible
and it works which is basically
impossible and then he built an
infrastructure so that you could charge
the damn thing
wherever you drove and that was
basically impossible
and then he made it cheap because if you
buy an electric car
and you factor in the price of gas the
electric car is actually
about as expensive as the gasoline car
and so that was unbelievable
then he built a bloody rocket which was
one-tenth the price or less
that of a nasa rocket that you could
reuse
which was impossible and then he put one
of his cars on top of the rocket
and he shot it up into space and then
this happened
right this all happened and he's still
alive and
you know and then he went and blew it
all by smoking pot on joe rogan you know
because
because well it's so funny you know we
you know we like our insane geniuses
like predictable and and
and and safe and so we don't want them
doing strange things like having a tiny
puff of marijuana on
a show famous for marijuana so
so anyways you know that's all that's
all good news it's
all good news